5836compare blocks (#5842)
ethereum/web3.js: packages/web3-utils/CHANGELOG.md

-   Added support of `safe` and `finalized` block tags (#5823)

### Changed

> -   `compareBlockNumbers` function now only supports comparison of both blocktags params ( except `earliest` vs 0) or both block number params

Reviewer: I think it is now "(except `earliest` vs numbers)"

```suggestion
-   `compareBlockNumbers` function now only supports the comparison of either if both are blocktags (except `earliest` vs numbers) or if both are block number
```
